[Music]
hello
window cleaner what is your name having
to paint yes your where is a barrage
over the hunt begin
[Applause]
mysterious things have been happening
all over town we're gonna need a
foolproof plan I haven't broken anything
[Music]
hello who goes there
reveal yourself Henry hello Phoenix what
on earth are you doing here I might ask
you the same thing
well I live here it's my house and I
insure it and for our Platinum Club
members we perform an annual free home
inspection to verify your security
arrangements in your pajamas mm-hmm with
your wife seems pretty secure didn't
hear you come in she helps out when
we're busy now then simmer down simmer
right little bit more tickled the
deepest shade of shrimp to have been
asked here tonight to open this
wonderful old steam fair but you know
when madam cause liver created this
thing all those years ago she most
certainly was not thinking of people
like me whatever I am VIP celebrity hate
all that stuff no no Western legend
that's not no no she was thinking you
guys huh the ordinary people so I'm
gonna ask one of you to come up here and
over the fair volunteers anyone
excuse me mr. knuckles yes
I just wondered if I could have a quick
word about the food send a medic to the
canteen want to complain oh no I
I wouldn't say complain oh that's a
shame because I just love it when people
complain really oh yeah oh well in that
case it's very gritty oh and lumpy and
as for the bread need i say more I think
we need to completely overhaul the menu
now I know we're working to a tight
budget but we could at least add some
sauce sorry well then I'll just uh hmm
no that's just rubbing it in don't worry
I know what gets ketchup stains out hang
on was it mustard no that's just made it
worse but does anyone know what works on
ketchup
[Music]
guess what Paddington the scene fairs
coming to town hmm going along tonight
try slicing my newspaper who's going to
want to read about that everyone travel
the world in an old steam train I
thought you'd love it
I do don't tell anyone okay not cool why
don't you go good idea father's a dab
hand at coconut shy hmm there's a brand
new school well not anymore
coconuts are a young man's game but I
think you're in great shape for a man
your age mr. Brown Thank You Paddington
hang on how old do you think I am Oh
about 80 80 at least just a minute young
bear I told you to wash behind you yes
oh but I did mrs. bird I I wonder how
that got in there quick Jim barber oh
I'm not the barber I just tidy up yeah
what that's all I want
yeah the backin sighs nothing off the
top yes but no buts come on man chop
chop
if you say so sir
[Music]
would you mind if I call you back I
think I may be the customer oh thank
goodness
[Music]
just putting you it's only a haircut
Nelson there's nothing to be afraid of
come in take a seat we'll go somewhere
else oh what's this
ah that must be the popping book very
interesting really you see Madame Kozlov
was great grandmother who started the
fair was also a brilliant artist and
every time they visited a new city she
made a popping book to remember it by oh
and this is London Mr Gruber it's
wonderful Oh Lucy always dreamed of
coming to London and never had the
chance but if you saw this it would be
like she were finally here
[Music]
[Applause]
on Lucy Paddington
[Music]
come with me up you see oh yes please
I want to see everything
well what do you think it's wonderful
all aboard one and a half minutes please
I understand madam madam what a polite
young pigeon
[Music]
Oh Paddington you've made an old bear so
very happy this is perfect mr. Bluebird
Oh what's this
ah this is London it's wonderful
Oh Lucy always dreamed of coming to
London
she saw this it would be like she were
finally here
Oh Paddington
this is perfect I've had a brilliant
idea I'm going to get a job and buy that
book for aunt Lucy's birthday no window
cleaner are you quite sure you're ready
for the workplace Paddington 30s phoenix
buchanan dad will never be quiet
I suppose Renault Dwyer oh yes you're a
very famous actor VIP celebrity or used
to be now you do dog food commercials
this pop-up book where on earth did you
find mr. Gruber's antique shop
hold it right there but I'm not the
thief mysterious things have been
happening all over town
we're rich again I may look like a
hardened criminal but I'm innocent
we're gonna need a foolproof plan
if anyone can recognize a criminal it's
awesome he's a master of disguise
this is breakin rhetoric haven't broken
anything wouldn't take it any of us
needed help he looks for the good in all
of us
mom Marie
take a seat
[Music]
dear Aunt Lucy you sent me to London to
find a home and I had a wonderful family
either you're in great shape for a man
your age mr. Brown Wow Thank You
Paddington hang on how old do you think
I am for about 80 and I've really got to
grips with how things work Mr Gruber
come in I'd like to get my Aunt Lucy a
birthday present
how about these ruling shoes please Mr
Gruber be serious what's this
this puppy book is the only one of its
kind and they want a lot of money for it
I'm going to get a job and buy that book
no window cleaner
[Music]
see Sharia did he come hold it right
there
oh but I'm not the thief
[Music]
we're rich again round pay laundry duty
it's only one red sock what's the worst
that can happen
afternoon chaps I want to hear all about
the investigation Paddington is innocent
he's a master of disguise well this is
breaking and entering
we haven't broken anything
[Applause]
where do you think you're going there
[Music]
Paddington looks for the good in all of
us and somehow he finds it if we're kind
and polite the world will be right
[Music]
blow me down we've got a cop to raise or
she like he likes his marmalade it I
have a feeling he'll go far
dear Aunt Lucy
- London has been better than ever
I really feel at home if you had one was
tonight what would it be
I'd like to get my Aunt Lucy a birthday
present all knowed pop-up book of London
the only problem is it's rather
expensive where on earth did you find
this mr. Gruber's antique shop cheerio
we're rich again afternoon chaps I may
look like a hardened criminal but I
really am Minister perfect you're gonna
clear your name you're gonna need our
help
Paddington's made such sweet friends I'm
in
what a clever little bit come back to
that box
Paddington looks for the good in all of
us and somehow he finds it if we're kind
and polite the world will be right
[Music]
oh that's not good rated PG